New: Concept exercise pacman-rules (#1093)
exercism/haskell: exercises/concept/pacman-rules/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

In this exercise, you need to translate some rules from the classic game Pac-Man into Haskell functions.

You have four rules to translate, all related to the game states.

> Don't worry about how the arguments are derived, just focus on combining the arguments to return the intended result.

## 1. Define if Pac-Man eats a ghost

> Define the `eatsGhost` function that takes two arguments (_if Pac-Man has a power pellet active_ and _if Pac-Man is touching a ghost_) and returns a `Boolean` value if Pac-Man is able to eat the ghost. The function should return `True` only if Pac-Man has a power pellet active and is touching a ghost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the `eatsGhost` function that takes two arguments (_whether Pac-Man has a power pellet active_ and _whether Pac-Man is touching a ghost_) and returns a `Boolean` value indicating whether Pac-Man is able to eat the ghost. The function should return `True` only when Pac-Man has a power pellet active and is touching a ghost.
```
This may be splitting hairs. Not sure whether it really is clearer to people other than me.

Author: If we make the change for one function it should be the same on the following three.

Reviewer: Yes. I have a patch ready; if it is decided that _whether_ & _when_ are prefered I can push it.

@ErikSchierboom Do I understand correctly that you meant this suggestion?
